zombie experience what's going on guys
today we have the recent gameplay which
is gameplay from them one of the maps
you're going to get in the resurrection
map pack what I was known as factory so
what's gonna happen is I'm gonna tell
you about this map this map was
ridiculous if you haven't played this
map before you will be so relieved that
this map is going to be there because
it's one of the greatest maps they
brought in to the call duty nazi zombie
Fran Fran choice this might be
introduced what you all know as you know
the pack a punch as like which is the
main goal for everybody these days in
nazi zombies and that's all you want to
do there was way more easter eggs they
brought in brand new weapons the monkey
bombs the bowie knife and the pack a
punch which chain which basically gave
everybody brand new weapons it was just
something we haven't seen before and
everyone experimented where every weapon
every weapon was the same somes every
weapon was different so more similar but
you know everything was different you
everyone pack a punch different ones for
different reasons and seemed everybody
that pocket whoever they you know the
kind of alien weapons or the element
woman for weapons would be more
protective than they would you know
rushers reversion to zombie Troy take as
many as possible they would come back
with their with their alien going or
whatever when those people getting down
they would be the ones trying to take
them all out and the pack a punch made
them even better which you know in my
opinion the apocrypha which was the best
thing to ever point in nazi zombies is
like end of now this one this map was
the most action-packed map with just so
much to do and was just a blast to play
it was so so good it's just you can you
can't explain it so much when if you
haven't played as if you understand if
you played nazi zombies from the start
if you played it from the start every
single map was just a breath of fresh
air and everyone loved it well a beretta
nazi zombie here but you know i'm saying
this was that this was the last one as
well so since this was the last nazi
zombie map to be to be released friend
or a year's time they knew they had to
do something big they knew they had to
just really blow this out of the water
and many people really want to play the
next month
which was going to be in black ops
obviously and people in modern warfare 2
was like that rumors after this month
came out that it was going to be you
know a it was going to be you know alien
invasion and what i wore 481 stuff they
really did everyone's wanted nazi
zombies back and unfortunately modern
warfare 2 didn't have it but to be
honest it's kind of a tray acting and
I'm glad it's going to dare trait and
they kept it to themselves it's gonna be
sad now the modern warfare tree won't
have them and they only have that spec
ops thing which is let's be honest never
going to live up to the nazi zombies
reputation especially reputation has at
the moment and the hyper has coming up
at the moment as well for the moon and
resurrection my pack so let's just go on
a bit talk about nazi zombie since this
was the last one now because this was
the last one of world war everyone
didn't know is it gonna end here until
people we got into their stories and
figured out that obviously it's not
going to be the last one especially all
the easter eggs going around now i
haven't said that I do think nazi
zombies is one of the best things to
ever bleep ever be implemented into a
call intercall to be franchise a proton
saw obviously a brought so much joy to
everybody everyone loved it and it got
them lots of publicity a lot of money
abroad a lot of people don't probably
don't know this for nazi zombies really
is what you know a lot of youtubers get
you know their inspiration from and they
start YouTube channels just for nazi
zombies you know you wouldn't see pro
syndicate at the the stages right now
whatever nazi zombies so I really
appreciate and nazi zombies I hope they
keep going on and on and on and
eventually I'm guessing there's going to
be a game of nazi zombies don't you guys
come to the end of the video next is
black ops zombies are we talking about
that obviously when black op ones are on
screen but until then just please like
this video and comment your nazi zombie
experience i'd love to hear it and
subscribe if you haven't already ok guys
but